Pre SSD: Experiments results and progress

8/4/1 106 shots
8/5/1 76 shots

Everything else really doesnt matter

23: Doing REAL manual groundtruth
	Should be done before meeting: 
		statistical output based on groundtruth
		crude point distance shape detection (no use yet)
		propose: use of higher level features

			being used: position/time (frames) 
			suggestions: number of rocks, sweepers 
			next topic, GPU utilization on PI?

24: Finish shot detection as fast as you can and have something on the GPU use.

	Shot detection is not as good as you think after implementing 		falses detection
	Check individually each reported false negative and think how you 	  can make the tracking better.
	Should use this week to refine the thing. 

25: Trying to make view more narrow and ignore small things to make the algorithm better

	no false negatives, shot detection finished?

26: Need to do now: -GPU optimization on PI
		    -Integrate circle detection 

Opencv methods for circle detection works fine without perspective warp and undistortion...

Wasted some time making test code run in current build, its very slow! Ask villiam about this

27: Making tests with different parameters while trying to do cross compilation with pi

	Found the best parameters, will need the PI to try the GPU code.
	
	Trying to get faster and simples circle detection working, gonna implement my thing from zero.

30: get satistics for findRocksCircles


	blur taking .4 of executing time.
	undistort/perspective take .6
	hough takes .3
	the rest takes .2
	taking statistics of circle detection 
	done. in log file. its pretty gooood.
	
31:
	-shot working nice with 90%+ efficiency and no false negatives, need to try on another game
	-color is not working correctly on the circles detection, probably parameters
	-report timing found on the newest method, 2/3 is color filtering blur is heavy with kernel 11
	-circle detection works nice without distortion and perspective, report results
	-color filtering doesnt work well at all, worse without perspective correction.
	-(suggestion) try to fit ellipses on color filtered result instead of using hough transform?
	
	next week goal: 
		try to correct perspective parameters?
		run statistics ignoring occluded rocks, looking for false negatives and false positives.
		with and without perspective correction. 
		leave color for after that, focus on circle detection improvements now
		
2:
	perspective corrected,
	statistics collected for unprep and preped images
	preped images have 97% accuracy of rock detection while non preped have 86%
	is the 10% loss in accuracy worht it over double speed?
	
7: 
	meeting results:
	try to get data of blur and canny running on gpu on pi
	finish my color detection code
	
13: 
	color detection finished, almost same precision as circle detection
	still have to get gpu results
	
14: 
	circle detection perfomance: 98%
	color detection perfomance: 95%
	
	circle detection perfomance perpective correction: 88% (50% faster)
	
	GPU Perfomance: still on work
	
27:	finish split image work, insert code into the original pipeline
	also: get GPU hough, GPU canny
	
28: dont insert now, get 11 blur and canny working on gpu.
	get the data to do do an end log using your tools, (rock view), due tomorrow.
	
	
	 



